Update local deployment guide. Improve CLI commands. (#485)
near/rainbow-bridge: README.md

Alternatively, clone this repo, `yarn install`, then you can see what commands you can use with:

```

>     cli/index.js --help

Reviewer: Throughout the README the command `rainbow` is being used. Either change it to use `cli/index.js` everywhere, or use `rainbow` here.

Author: The `rainbow --help` command is mentioned a few lines above. 
Therefore, I believe that it's good to have `cli/index.js` here, so if someone decides to test using local code, it's clear.

Reviewer: On a second thought, for the sake of consistency, can you remove first two instructions:
```
(1) npm i -g rainbow-bridge-cli
(2) rainbow --help
```

Since we are not releasing new versions. If a developer tries that it will just fail. So let's stick with the `cli/index.js` interface for now on all the steps.

### Transferring tokens

> Let's check the balance of the rainbow bridge prover on Near before transferring the tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's check the balance of bridged tokens from ETH to NEAR before starting the transfer. To this end let's use `node0` account, which is automatically created and funded on startup when localnet is started. 
```

```bash
rainbow TESTING get-bridge-on-near-balance --near-receiver-account node0
```

> Finally, let's transfer some tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then transfer some tokens with:
```

```bash
rainbow TESTING transfer-eth-erc20-to-near --amount 1000 --eth-sender-sk 0x2bdd21761a483f71054e14f5b827213567971c676928d9a1808cbfa4b7501200 --near-receiver-account node0 --near-master-account neartokenfactory
```

> Now you check the balance of the rainbow bridge prover again. You should notice the balance was changed.

Reviewer: Don't use prover in this cases.
```suggestion
Now you check the balance of `node0` again. You should notice the balance was changed.
```

Notice that we are using `neartokenfactory` account here to pay for the NEAR gas fees, any account for which we know a secret key would've worked too.
You must observe blocks being submitted.

You can also manually check the ERC20 balance of the receiver before and after receiving the transfer back from the NEAR side

```bash
rainbow TESTING get-erc20-balance 0xEC8bE1A5630364292E56D01129E8ee8A9578d7D8
```

Now let's try to transfer one token back to Ethereum

```bash
rainbow TESTING transfer-eth-erc20-from-near --amount 1 --near-sender-account node0 --near-sender-sk ed25519:3D4YudUQRE39Lc4JHghuB5WM8kbgDDa34mnrEP5DdTApVH81af7e2dWgNPEaiQfdJnZq1CNPp5im4Rg5b733oiMP --eth-receiver-address 0xEC8bE1A5630364292E56D01129E8ee8A9578d7D8
```

You should observe the change of the ERC20 balance as reported by the CLI.

### Stopping the services

If you need to stop relay services or node clients one by one you can execute the following commands:

```bash
rainbow stop near-node
rainbow stop ganache
rainbow stop eth2near-relay
rainbow stop near2eth-relay
rainbow stop bridge-watchdog
```

Or you can stop all them at once:
```bash
rainbow stop all

> ```

Reviewer: Change the order of this. First show `stop all`.
